# Streamify (a demo project)

### See it live >>> [Go to Streamify ðŸš€](https://streamify-demo.vercel.app/)

This project was created from the prompt seen in `PROJECT_OUTLINE.md`. The
purpose is to showcase the skills that I (Joe Boylson) have as a developer in
the React framework.

### How to run the project:

I have not changed _anything_ from the original create-react-app project from
which this project was created. As with any create-react-app website simply run
2 commands to get the project started:

(assuming that you have Node.js installed on your system)

- npm install
- npm run start

### Project Creation Process:

As you can see from the `git` history, this project was created all in a single
day. The development was meant to be rapid and simple without comprimising on
the result.

I first started with the types: these types would describe how the data looked.
These types came from a translation of the projeft outline with the assumption
that there might hypothetically be a backend one day,

Next, I used the types to create the mock data. I did not feel the need to set
up a dummy backend or use anything more complicated that simple contant
variables. Again, I wanted to complete this in a single day and this kept the
complexity low.

After setting up the data, I looked for a library that could show graphs: I
found `recharts` to be very simple to install and implement. After some
tinkering, I had all 3 graphs created,

Then I worked on the styling of the site, implementing a grid system for
responsive design. This work - like everything else - was kept very minimal. I
added the accordions for each section to add some variety and interest.

I then created the table at the bottom of the page to hold all the streaming
mock data. I implemented sorting and filtering, and added some styling.

Lastly, I created a quick logo, created a header and footer, and added some nice
icons here and there.

The whole project was kept as minimal as possible. I want to give the reviewer
a sense of how I actually program - not just my ability to use other developers'
libraries.

### What I did not include:

I did not include any testing or (as I mentioned) the creation of a mock server.
These were the things I cut in order to finish this project in a single day.

### Conclusion:

I feel very good about this project, especially since it was completed in
about 6 hours (12:03PM to 6:18pm). Another project in the portfolio!
